What is it?
Is it true? I hear the Three
Lights have the whole day off
tomorrow.
[taken aback] Who told you
that?!
Let's just say, you probably
shouldn't underestimate my
network of sources.
We went to great lengths to get
that day off, you know.
Well, how 'bout you spend it
watching...
...a movie?
No.
I'd much rather focus on
composing lyrics tomorrow.
Lyrics? Wow, how cool! Do you
mind if I help you?
Not a chance. I'd like to do it
in peace... By myself.
Right. Of course...
Tsk!
It was a good try...
I'll see the movie with you. If
you want.
What?! No way!
I'd hate for the tickets to go
to waste.
So, what's the movie called
anyway?
It's called "The Forbidden Love
of Grown-Ups".
[taken aback]
Uh...
What?
If Taiki can't go, then I'll
just ask Yaten!
Oh, Yaten!
Uhhh...
If he turns you down, I'm still
avaliable to go!
Mako. If that happens...
[gasp]
Will you buy these for retail
price?
Seriously?
Come on... Not cool.
[humming]
Hey!
Huh?
I'm free tomorrow. We should
hang out.
Wha-?! Are you for real?!
Pretty sure you're not busy.
Ah! Excuse you! For your
information, after I get out of
bed, I have to eat
breakfast...
catch up on my TV shows, eat
second breakfast, read a few
chapters of manga- what else is
there- I gotta eat sweets...
play video games, and do lots of
other importnat stuff like...
Cool, so you're
free then.
[growl]
I'll see you at Ichinohashi Park
at eleven.
Wait a second! I didn't agree to
that!
Seiya! [grumble]
Oh wow...
[gasp] A-Ami...!
Hi, Usagi... You don't need to
worry. I didn't actually hear
anything just now, I swear.
See ya... [chuckle]
Uh, Thanks... I guess?
Seiya and Usagi's Heart Pounding
Date
(SECRETARY) Third Production
Department Producer Nezu... I
repeat, Producer Nezu...
You can run, but you can't hide.
This is bad. Really, really bad.
If I don't deliver the true Star
Seed first thing Monday morning,
then-
Ah! Wha-?! Ahhh!
[sigh]
Ahhh!
[panicking and heavy breathing]
Woah!
Ahhh!
[panicking] Huh?
[nervous groan]
Yes? Hello? Nezu speaking...
(GALAXIA) Sailor Iron Mouse, you
have-
[gasp]
Ah! What have I done? I hung up
on her!
Huh? It's that popular teen idol
group, the Three Lights...
Wait... I've got it!
It's perfect! Why didn't I
realize it sooner?!
[choking]
[laughing]
You're... cho...king...me...
What's taking him so long?! He's
the one who set the time and
place for us to meet!
Maybe he's pulling a prank on
you. I mean, why else would
Seiya ask someone like you to go
on a date? [smirk]
A date...?
Wait, what date?! Who? Where?!
Huh?! Wha-?! Huh?!
Uh...
I didn't expect to see you here,
Bun-head.
(USAGI) Haruka!
Don't you know? The only things
you'll find in a park on a
Sunday are couples on a date and
pigeons.
Pigeons?
You on a date?
Well?
Uh... Actually! Seiya asked if
I'd hang out with him today,
that's all.
Seiya?
[grunt]
Seems that guy goes after any
woman he can get his hands on.
(USAGI) Huh...?
Try not to let your guard down
around him. It's too late once
the wolf devours you, kitten.
[laughing] We don't have that
kind of relationship!
Haruka tends to get a bit
jealous of popular boys.
No...
You sure? Bye Usagi.
That hurts!
Does it?
Yeah, you're being a little too
rough.
Oh, am I? I'll be more gentle
once we're alone...
Ehhh... They're always just a
little too open.
So, is Seiya really as bad as
Haruka thinks he is?
How should I know?
Well, now it's got me worried.
I feel like I should go home at
this rate. He's still not here!
[giggles]
That's probabably a good idea.
Ha... Ow!
Oh!
[crying]
Hey, now... C'mon. There's no
need to cry like that.
But... it really hurts...
[crying]
[comforting hum]
[chuckle]
Wipe those tears. You can't have
fun with your friends if you're
here crying.
[sniffling] Mhm.
Oh! That's a good boy!
[chuckle] High Power Fighter Red
go!
Wahhh!
Heh... go get 'em!
Look, he's here.
Huh? [grunt]
Were you waiting long?
Are you for real right now?! Why
did you even make me come here
if you-
Whoa!
Ohhhh!
Omph!
[crying]
Hm.
(USAGI) My knee! It hurts! Why
does it always have to be...
Hey, you can't have fun if
you're here crying.
[crying]... You saw that?
[chuckle] Need a hand getting
up?
I'm fine.
Awww. That's a good girl.
Ha. Ha.
Aren't you gonna do that thing,
too?
What thing?
(SEIYA) High Power Fighter Red!
I'm not doing that!
(YATEN) Me? I'm Yaten. No, Taiki
and I won't be going anywhere
today. Who even is this?
Taiki's at his computer working
on lyrics. What? Look, Seiya's
not even here now, so stop
bothering me!
Who was it?
They never gave their name.
While that call does have me
pretty worried, I'm more
concerned about your phone
etiquette.
Who the heck taught him how to
answer the phone? Kids these
days have no manners.
[chuckle] But I did learn that
Seiya is out somewhere, so it
wasn't a complete waste.
Just wait, I'm gonna find you
and take your Star Seed for
sure!
Ohhh!
[gasp]
[nervous groans] Chuu!
Hm. Hm. Hm.
Ohhhh.
Ohhhhhh!
Woahhh!
[laghing]
Ahhh!
[licking]
[chomping] Mmmm.
Smells good, I'll take four,
please.
[gulping]
[chomping]
[screaming]
[groan]
Huh?
Aw, that teddy bear's so cute!
[smirk]
Oh yeah!
Ahhh! You're amazing!
Ta-da!
[giggle] Thanks, Seiya!
What for?
For getting me the teddy bear.
Oh...
Yeah right. Get your own,
Bun-head.
Figures...
Wouldn't there be a huge scandal
if someone took a photo of us
together?
"Teen idol Seiya has a new
girlfriend!" Stuff like that!
Wouldn't bother me, to be
honest.
Huh?
Oh yeah. That's right. I forgot
you'd go for just about any
girl.
Excuse me?
I'm not interested, okay? Not
one bit.
Didn't you say your boyfriend is
living overseas, Bun-head?
Yeah... I write Mamo a letter
every day so he knows what I'm
up to while we're living so far
apart.
But I still haven't gotten a
single reply back from him...
I'm guessing he's really busy
with his university research.
(SEIYA) He sounds like a jerk.
You sure he's not toying with
your feelings?
He wouldn't do that.
Huh?
I know he wouldn't. 'Cause he's
always thinking of me.
Sorry... [gasp]
Princess...
Hmph. Come on, cheer up. How
'bout I take you somewhere fun?
Huh? Really?
Just don't tell.
Never underestimate a TV
producer's network of sources...
Finding out which club the Three
Lights come to on their day off
was a total walk in the park.
That's him!
We'll be using
that room, Bob.
No problem.
Follow me.
Oh. Sure.
Hey, isn't that Usagi?
His taste sucks.
Well, it doesn't look like it's
anything too serious as of yet.
Now then... Hm?
What do I do?! It's probably
not a good idea to be all alone
with him in this room...
It's too late
once the wolf
devours you, kitten.
[panicking]
What's wrong?
Mmmm...
You don't... want a drink?
Huh?! [gasp]
What're you so nervous about,
Bun-head?
[nervous laugh]
Oh, this must be your first
time.
[gasp]
It'll be fine. I'll make sure to
lead you through it.
[speechless]
Uh oh, I lost my voice...
I'll show you the time of your
life.
[speechless]
Come on, Usagi! Speak! You have
to remind him that your heart
already belongs to Mamo!
I love him... And only him!
[gasp]
[scared squeal]
See? Isn't this great?!
So you were talking about
dancing...
Did you say something?
Nope! Just dancing!
[screaming]
Huh?!
What the...?
I'm hoping this is just a power
outage.
[chuckle]
[gasp]
Don't worry. Everything's
okay.
[gasp]
I feel so safe right now... but
why?
Don't worry, Usako...
Everything's okay now.
Oh, Mamo...
I'm always here for you.
It almost feels the same as
Mamo's warmth... the scent is
just different. I'm so
confused...
I still feel a gentleness... But
it's not Mamo's...
(CHUKO) Chu! Don't even try to
escape! I've come for your Star
Seed, Seiya, and I'm not leaving
until I get it!
[chuckle]
[gasp]
Run.
But...
Just go!
Right...
[chuckle]
I need to transform!
[grunt]
Now, give me your Star Seed!
Please let this be the true Star
Seed, so I can deliver it in the
morning...
Where'd he go?!
(SEIYA) You can't get me. Not in
a million years!
Fighter Star Power Make Up!
Ah!
The wandering shooting star that
cuts through darkness... I am
Sailor Star Fighter! Stage on!
No one told me you were a Sailor
Guardian! This ruins everything!
Too bad for you, I guess.
It's over. Perhaps you should
give up.
Listen, I don't have time to
watch you three act so cool.
I've got important things I need
to do!
(USAGI) Hold it right there!
Huh?
How dare you ruin everyone's
favorite teen idol's day off!
Such an act is unforgivable!
So uh...
(USAGI) I am the Pretty
Guardian...
Like I was saying...
(USAGI) ...who fights for love
and for justice!
I really don't have time for
this, y'know...
(USAGI) I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
...Would someone please listen
to me?!
Enough! Not a single one of you
has any idea what I'm going
through right now, okay?!
So, c'mon! Let's ...
(USAGI) Time out!
Huh?
[gasp] This brooch belongs to
Seiya...
Huh?!
[gasp]
Where's Seiya? What've you done
with him?
How does she know about that
brooch?
You didn't... turn him into a
Phage, did you?
[gasp]
Please! Tell me! Where is he?!
[touched sigh] Don't worry.
He's safe.
Really?
(SEIYA) Yes, You have my word.
[laughing] This is too perfect!
You actually have no idea, do
you? But I do!
Hmmm. So then, wanna know
the truth? About Seiya's big
secret?
Star Serious Laser!
Ahhh!
[grunt]
[chuckle] Well, if you don't
want me to tell her, then you'd
better hand over your Star
Seeds.
Ahhh!
[panicking]
Hi! Thank you so much for your
call today! This is Sailor Iron
Mouse, how may I be of service?
(GALAXIA) You've failed me for
the last time, Sailor Iron
Mouse!
Ahhh!
[gasps]
What?!
M-Master Galaxia! Is this about
me hanging up on you earlier?!
(GALAXIA) I have no further use
for you.
No, I'm begging you! Please
forgive me! [quivering]
[gasps]
Ahhh! Don't do it! Please, don't
take away my bracelets!
Ahhh!
Hey, I just had a great idea!
I'm gonna tell you a riddle and
if you can't solve it...
then how about you forget all
this and forgive me?
Okay, it walks on four legs in
the morning, two legs at noon
and three legs in the evening.
Well, did you figure it out? Or
did I stump you?!
Ahhh!
She vanished!
This whole Galaxy belongs to me,
Sailor Galaxia. And if you don't
want to end up like her, then
stay out of my way.
Galaxia...
Our enemy and the one
responsible for destroying our
world.
[gasp]
You should be careful of her,
Sailor Moon.
You three will fight alongside
us, won't you? If we work
together, I know that we can
defeat any enemy...
We're not teaming up.
(TAIKI) We didn't come here in
order to protect this planet.
(YATEN) Yeah, that's your job,
so handle it yourself.
No, wait!
[sigh]
Seiya...
(SEIYA) Hey, Bun-head...
[gasp]
Where were you, Seiya?! I was
worried sick about you!
Yeah, sorry.
I need more than that. You
didn't get hurt, did you?
Nah.
Thank goodness.
You can keep that if you want.
Huh?
It's my way of saying thanks
for keeping me company today.
Ohhh. Thank you.
What's wrong?
Oh... It's nothing.
Nah... She couldn't be.
[sigh]
(SEIYA) Hey, Bun-head. Is she
your kid sister?
(USAGI) No! I don't think so...?
(SEIYA) Why do you sound so
unsure about it?
(USAGI) Oh, come on! No one can
be sure about everything in
life...
(SEIYA) Are you hiding
something?
(USAGI) Of course not! I've got
nothing to hide! I-I just don't
remember, is all!
(SEIYA) Wait a sec... She's not
your child, is she?!
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.
(USAGI) [awkward squeal]
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Invaders from Outer Space: The
Coming of Siren."